XRDDEV-1164 update sidecar version (#34)
nordic-institute/X-Road-Security-Server-sidecar: README.md

  ```

### 1.7 Volume support

> It is possible to configure security server sidecar to use volume support. This will allow us to  create sidecar-config and sidecar-config-db directory on the host and mount it into the /etc/xroad and /var/lib/postgresql/10/main  config directories on the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to configure security server sidecar to use volume support. This will allow us to create sidecar-config and sidecar-config-db directories on the host and mount them in `/etc/xroad` and `/var/lib/postgresql/10/main` config directories in the container.
```

    docker run -v sidecar-config:/etc/xroad -v sidecar-config-db:/var/lib/postgresql/10/main -detach -p $2:4000 -p $httpport:80 -p 5588:5588 --network xroad-network -e XROAD_TOKEN_PIN=$3 -e XROAD_ADMIN_USER=$4 -e XROAD_ADMIN_PASSWORD=$5 -e XROAD_DB_HOST=$postgresqlhost -e XROAD_DB_PORT=$postgresqlport -e XROAD_DB_PWD=$XROAD_DB_PASSWORD --name $1 xroad-sidecar-security-server-image
  [...]
  ```
#### 1.7.1 Store sensitive information in volumes

> The file "/etc/xroad.properties" may contain sensitive information about the database password. For security reasons is recommended to store this information outside the containers using volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file `/etc/xroad.properties` contains sensitive information to access the external database. For security reasons, it is strongly recommended to store this file outside the Security Server sidecar container by configuring volumes. More information on the section [1.7 Volume support](#17-volume-support).
```
